INTMDB-533: Feature Add: Programmatically Create Organizations (#1176)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-organization/organization-step-2/Readme.md

# Example - A basic example to start with the MongoDB Atlas and Terraform

> This project aims to provide a very straight-forward example of setting up Terraform with MongoDB Atlas. This will create the following resources in MongoDB Atlas:

Reviewer: Should we not explain how to get the key pair from step one to step 2?  Again that calls for an overarching readme.

- Atlas Project

> You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to know about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name.

Reviewer 2: same suggestion as above
```suggestion
You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to learn more about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name.
```

Author: Removed region statement as not relevant in this example

[Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/amazon-aws/#amazon-aws)
[Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/google-gcp/#google-gcp)
[Microsoft Azure](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/microsoft-azure/#microsoft-azure)

## Dependencies

* Terraform v0.13 or greater
* A MongoDB Atlas account 

> * provider.mongodbatlas: version = "~> 0.9.1"

Reviewer: Doesn't require greater but to keep it consistent with step 1
```suggestion
* provider.mongodbatlas: version = "~> 1.10.0"
```

Reviewer: Not going to block on this but would be good to get updated before release or soon there after.

> * Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If issue persists, suggest deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1)  

Reviewer 3: I wonder if this is simply user-error of person selecting wrong binary? pretty sure the terraform-provider-mongodbatlas_1.8.1_darwin_arm64.zip binary for example should support Mac M1/M2 machines cc: @maastha @andreaangiolillo

> * Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If issue persists, suggest deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1)  

Reviewer 2: same comment as above
```suggestion
* Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If you encounter this issue, try deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1)  
```

Author: corrected
